README reworked (#38)
Julien-Blanc-tgcm/kontroller: README.md

### Windows

There are lots of tutorials online about turning on Wake-on-LAN on Windows.

> Check https://search.mdosch.de/search?q=windows%2Benable%2Bwake%2Bon%2Blan&categories=general for details.

Author: ```suggestion
Check https://duckduckgo.com/?q=windows+enable+wake+on+lan for details.
```
